[production]
prod-fe-001.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-002.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-003.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-004.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-005.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-006.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-007.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-008.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-009.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-010.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-011.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-012.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-013.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-014.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-015.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-016.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-017.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-018.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-019.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-020.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-021.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-022.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-023.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-024.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-025.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-026.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-027.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-028.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-029.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-030.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-031.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-032.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-033.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-034.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-035.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-036.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-037.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-038.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-039.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-040.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-041.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-042.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-043.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-044.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-045.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-046.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-047.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-048.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-049.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-050.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-051.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-052.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-053.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-054.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-055.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-056.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-057.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-058.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-059.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-060.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-061.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-062.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-063.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-064.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-065.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-066.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-067.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-068.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-069.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-070.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-071.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-072.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-073.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-074.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-075.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-076.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-077.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-078.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-079.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-080.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-081.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-082.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-083.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-084.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-085.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-086.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-087.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-088.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-089.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-090.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-091.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-092.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-093.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-094.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-095.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-096.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-097.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-098.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-099.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-100.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-101.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-102.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-103.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-104.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-105.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-106.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-107.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-108.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-109.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-110.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-111.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-112.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-113.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-114.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-115.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-116.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-117.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-118.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-119.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-120.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-121.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-122.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-123.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-124.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-fe-125.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-db-001.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-db-002.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-db-003.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-db-004.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-db-005.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-001.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-002.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-003.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-004.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-005.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-006.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-007.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-008.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-009.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-010.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-011.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-012.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-013.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-014.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-015.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-016.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-017.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-018.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-019.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-020.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-021.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-022.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-023.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-024.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-025.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
prod-cache-026.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local

[staging]
stg-db-001.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-db-002.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-001.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-002.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-003.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-004.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-005.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-006.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-007.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-008.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-009.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-010.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-011.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-012.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-013.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-014.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-015.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
stg-fe-016.eng.example.com ansible_connection=local
